c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\bin\Debug\PairsGame.exe.config
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\bin\Debug\PairsGame.exe
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\bin\Debug\PairsGame.pdb
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.g.resources
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.exe
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.pdb
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\Account.g.cs
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\Account.baml
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\Game.g.cs
c:\users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\Game.baml
C:\Users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\AccountForm.g.cs
C:\Users\catal\onedrive\documente\visual studio 2017\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\AccountForm.baml
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\bin\Debug\PairsGame.exe.config
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\bin\Debug\PairsGame.exe
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\bin\Debug\PairsGame.pdb
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\Account.g.cs
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\AccountForm.g.cs
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\Game.g.cs
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame_Content.g.cs
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\Account.baml
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\AccountForm.baml
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\Game.baml
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\MainWindow.baml
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.g.resources
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.exe
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.pdb
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\Dimension.g.cs
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\Dimension.baml
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\OpenFile.g.cs
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\Views\OpenFile.baml
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.Views.About.resources
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\bin\Debug\PairsGame.exe.manifest
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\bin\Debug\PairsGame.application
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.exe.manifest
C:\Projects\PairsGame\PairsGame\obj\Debug\PairsGame.application
